[Autogenerated] It's also important to lock down your I am users.
They will be subject to any password policy you set on the AWS account,
and I am users can also enable multi factor authentication.
You can even add conditions to policies that check if a user
authenticated with M F A and how long it's been since they
authenticated with the M F A.
The conditions are AWS multi factor off present and AWS multi factor off age.
You want to keep track of access keys that error issued to I am users and
track usage to detect and disable any compromised keys.
Keys.
That error not used should also be set to inactive or removed.
It is very easy to generate new keys and each user
can have up to two keys at a time.
Finally,
exercise the principle of least privilege when
assigning permissions to I am users.
Every user does not need access to all 175 plus AWS services,
nor do they always need access to all actions within a service.
By limiting the services and actions a user can perform,
you also limit the attack surface for that user as well as the
potential cost of any unauthorized activity.
For example, suppose you wanted to limit all actions to a certain region.
This statement denies all actions on all resource is if
the AWS requested region is not us West.
To suppose you wanted to limit all actions to a certain region except E.
C two.
In other words, you'd like to allow easy to actions in any region.
You can use the not action element to exclude easy to actions from the Deny
note that a not action does not grant any permissions.
It just blocks these effect of the deny you would need to
allow the action you are excluding in a separate statement
or policy for administrators.
You will usually grant all actions for a service by using an asterisk.
However, for most non administrator users,
granting all actions for a service does not follow
the principle of least privilege.
To limit the actions available in a service,
you could take a couple of different approaches.
The first would be to allow all actions for a service in one statement,
but then deny certain actions of that service with a separate deny statement.
This is a blacklist approach where you are identifying only those
actions you want to deny while allowing everything else.
The other approach would be to list only those actions you
want to allow or a white list approach.
This leverages Thebe Aeneid by default policy evaluation rule in
I Am So you're only allowing users to perform actions that error
explicitly listed in the statement.
For example, here is a statement that only allows a few different,
easy to actions any action that starts with describe reboot,
start and stop instances when creating policies for your users.
Look at the job a user needs to perform in your AWS account than
create a policy that gives them only the permissions they need
to do that job and nothing more, depending on the nature of their job duties.
Sometimes a white list approach makes more sense, and in other cases, a blacklist approach is a better fit